# React Basic Starter

A basic starter project for React/Redux applications.  This starter includes a client-app using React
and a client-proxy using Spring with Zuul.

To use this project, you can download a copy as a zip file or create a fork and set the origin to your new repository.
When creating a fork, be sure to uncheck the "sync branches" option when prompted.

See the [Project Setup](#Project Setup) section for more information.

## Quick Start Guide

See the [README.md](client-app/README.md) in the client-app directory for instructions on how to run
the React project, including installing dependencies and kicking off tests.

## Project Setup

The template uses placeholder values that will need to be updated with the actual information for a project
built from the template.  Please be sure to update these files before building on the pipeline

* build.gradle
    - description
    - pipeline configuration
* settings.gradle
    - root project name
* client-app/build.gradle
    - description
* client-app/package.json
    - name
* client-proxy/build.gradle
    - description


## Built With

### Client App
* [react](https://facebook.github.io/react/) - JavaScript library for building user interface
* [redux](http://redux.js.org/) - State container for JavaScript apps
* [react-redux](https://github.com/reactjs/react-redux) - Official React bindings for Redux
* [redux-thunk](https://github.com/gaearon/redux-thunk) - Middleware for Redux
* [jest](https://facebook.github.io/jest/) - Testing library

### Client App Styling
* [semantic-ui-react](https://react.semantic-ui.com/) - The official Semantic-UI-React integration
* [moo-semantic-ui-css](https://bitbucket.mutualofomaha.com/projects/FED/repos/moo-semantic-ui-css/browse) - A custom theme for Semantic UI that incorporates the corporate style guide
* [postcss](http://postcss.org/) - Tool for transforming CSS through JS plugins

### Client Proxy
* [Spring Boot](http://projects.spring.io/spring-boot/)
* [Zuul](https://github.com/Netflix/zuul) - A gateway service for handling API requests
* [Spock](http://spockframework.org/) - Testing library

### Build Tools
* [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/guides/get-started/) - Tool to build JavaScript modules in your application
* [Gradle Node Plugin](https://github.com/srs/gradle-node-plugin/blob/master/docs/node.md) - For running JavaScript tasks via Gradle in the pipeline environment

## Project Structure

### Main Project

* gradle directory
    - __tasks__ - additional tasks/configuration for JavaScript on the pipeline
    - __wrapper__ - the Gradle wrapper itself and a properties file to set the wrapper version. (To update the Gradle
    wrapper, follow [these instructions](https://confluence.mutualofomaha.com/confluence/display/ConfMgmt/questions/264553744/update-gradle-wrapper))
* build.gradle - root project build and pipeline configuration
* settings.gradle - root project name and sub projects to include

### Client App

* Meta project-configuration files
    - .babelrc - Babel config for transpiling code
    - .editorconfig - editor configuration for keeping things consistent
    - .eslintrc - linting rules based on AirBnB
    - .gitignore - set files that should be ignored by Git (can be removed if using Subversion)
    - .npmrc - sets basic NPM config, pointing to our Artifactory mirror of npm to enable access to internal libraries
    - build.gradle - configures Gradle Node Plugin and Sonarqube
    - package.json - JS dependencies and tasks.
    - postcss.config.js - Configuration for PostCSS, used by Webpack
    - yarn.lock - generated by Yarn when dependencies are added, removed, or updated using Yarn.  This file should be checked into version control.  It should not be modified directly.
* dev directory
    - Webpack configuration files for dev and prod
    - server.js - used for spinning up Webpack Dev Server with hot module reloading
    - jestsetup.js - makes several common Enzyme methods available to all Jest specs
    - .jest directory is generated with test results when tests are run.  This directory should not be checked into version control.
* src directory
    - __mocks__ directory - used by Jest to mock imports of styles or other static files in tests
    - __images__ directory - placeholder image can be removed
    - __js__ directory - contains all source code for the React application  (More information below)
    - __styles__ directory - application-wide styles along with mixins and variables that can be used throughout the app
    - index.html - loads skeleton page and provides a place to insert the React application
    
Diving into the __src/js__ directory:
* root.jsx - wraps the React application with the Redux store and renders it with hot module reloading
* vendor.js - dependencies listed in this file will be packaged by Webpack into a vendor bundle
* __app__ directory
    - __theme__ directory - contains header and navigation components
    - app.jsx - Wraps the React application with a Provider component for Redux and a Connected Router component for React Router
    - reducer.config.js - provides a root reducer for the application.  All other reducers should be registered here.
    - root-routes.jsx - main application routes are registered here.
    - store.config.js - configures the Redux store using Thunk middleware and the root reducer created in reducer.config.js
* __common__ directory - contains a few components that may come in handy.  These can be updated/removed as needed, and other components can be added.
* __foo__ and __bar__ directories - contain sample components with some basic Jest tests

### Client Proxy

* build.gradle - dependencies and Sonar configuration for the Spring application
* src/main/resources - contains starter yml files for configuring each environment
* src/main/groovy - contains an Encryption/Decryption util that may be handy and the main class for the Spring application
* src/test/groovy - contains a placeholder test to enable building on the pipeline.  (Should be replaced by real tests as the application is built)


